## Preface ##

This document describes the functionality provided by **Deployit Jenkins Plugin**.

## Overview ##
The **Deployit Jenkins Plugin** enables 3 post-build actions: "Package your application", "Import a package", "Deploy your application" which can be executed separately or combined sequentially.

### Features ###

* DAR packaging
	* With the artifact created by Jenkins job
	* With other artifacts or resources
* Importing DAR package into Deployit
* Triggering deployment in Deployit
    * Updating mappings on upgrade
    * Dry run
* Execution on Windows/UNIX Slave nodes

### Requirements ###

* **Jenkins**: Jenkins **LTS** version {{supportedLtsVersion}} or higher.

### Package your application ###

Creates a Deployit deployment (DAR) package. The deployment package will usually contain an artifact created by Jenkins build.

### Import a package ###

You can choose which package to import into Deployit. This can be a DAR package generated by an *Package your application* action, or package from external location (filesystem or URL).

### Deploy your application ###

Deploys a specific version of the application to the specified environment.

## Configuration ##

There are 2 places to configure the **Deployit Jenkins Plugin**: global Jenkins configuration and job configuration.

### Plugin configuration ###

At *Manage Jenkins* -> *Configure System* you can specify Deployit server URL and one or more sets of credentials. Different sets can be used for different jobs.

### Job configuration ###

In the Job Configuration page, choose *Post-build Actions* -> *Add post-build action* -> *Deploy with Deployit*. Now you can configure which actions to perform and other settings. To get an explanation of each setting, click on the question mark sign located right next to each setting.

##How do I ...?##

**Generate version of my application automatically?**

If you practice continuous delivery, it may be useful to increase the version automatically after each build. For this you can use one of Jenkins environment variables in the Version field. For example ${BUILD_NUMBER}. To see the complete list of available variables you can go to http://\<jenkins-host\>:\<jenkins-port\>/env-vars.html

## Release notes ##

### Version 3.9.4 ###

Improvements:

* [DEPLOYITPB-4884] - Support Jenkins environment variables in 'Application' property
* [DEPLOYITPB-4885] - Support Jenkins environment variables in 'location' property of artifacts
